{'City Express launches 90 Days “Lakhpati Express” Festival Scheme': 'Kathmandu, Sept 16 . City Express Money Transfer was established as a licensed Money Transfer Company, under the Nepalese Companies Act 2006 in the Office of the Company Registrar, Nepal duly obtaining license from the Central Bank of Nepal. City Express Money Transfer is one of the largest Private Sector Remittance Company in operation.\n\nOne of the largest Remittance Company of Nepal, City Express Money Transfer launched its festival promotional campaign Lakhpati Express today. This festival campaign will start from Sept. 17th till Dec 15th.\n\nAs per City Express during this period company will be announcing winners selected through live lucky draw on Daily, Weekly and Monthly basis. With the objective to make the festival celebration grand, Company has announced Rs. 12 Lakhs as a bumper prize for 1 person on completion of its 12th year Anniversary along with every day prize of  Rs. 200 Mobile Top-up for 12 people. To add further delight plus ensure wider participation, company will reward Rs. 10,000 for three people each week and Rs. 1 Lakh for a Lucky Draw winner each month.\n\nTotal 1120 winners will be declared during this scheme. As per City, it is electronic lucky draw so, all customers sending money during this period through City express money transfer will be eligible to participate for all prizes throughout the campaign. City express calls everyone to be the part of their Lakhpati Express campaign and celebrate the festival. No city Express Money Transfer staff will be participating in this scheme.\n\n', 'Govt. is cooperative-friendly: PM Oli': '\nKathmandu, Aug 16 . Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli has said that the government was committed for the promotion of the cooperative sector.\n\nHolding discussion with delegation of National Cooperative Federation of Nepal at his office, Singh Durbar today, Prime Minister Oli said that the government was ready to make cooperative strong as cooperative is one of the pillars of the three-pillar economic policy.\nThe delegation met with the Prime Minister along with a 15-point suggestion for the promotion of cooperative sector.\n\n“The incumbent government is cooperative-friendly. Cooperative should also move ahead as per the cooperative principle, norms and values. Work collectively to replace import as well as to increase production”, said Federation Chairperson Keshav Badal quoting the Prime Minister.\n\nAll the matters would be resolved by holding extensive discussion, said Prime Minister Oli.\nChairperson Badal said that the problems surfaced in cooperative sector would be resolved soon as the Prime Minister and concerned Ministries were positive toward the Federation’s suggestions.\n\nPresent on the occasion were Minister for Agriculture and Livestock, Chandra Prakash Khanal; Minister for Education, Science and Technology, Girirajmani Pokharel; Minister for Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs, Bhanu Bhakta Dhakal and Minister for Cooperatives and Poverty Alleviation, Padma Kumari Aryal.\n\nThe Federation has suggested to establish Cooperative Training Centre of international standard in Kathmandu, saying problems has surfaced in cooperative sector in lack of training, orientation and technology, provincial government should be asked to formulate cooperative laws in all seven provinces as well as cooperative-friendly local act should be formulated in all 753 local levels.\n'}