Kathmandu, Sept 16 . City Express Money Transfer was established as a licensed Money Transfer Company, under the Nepalese Companies Act 2006 in the Office of the Company Registrar, Nepal duly obtaining license from the Central Bank of Nepal. City Express Money Transfer is one of the largest Private Sector Remittance Company in operation.

One of the largest Remittance Company of Nepal, City Express Money Transfer launched its festival promotional campaign Lakhpati Express today. This festival campaign will start from Sept. 17th till Dec 15th.

As per City Express during this period company will be announcing winners selected through live lucky draw on Daily, Weekly and Monthly basis. With the objective to make the festival celebration grand, Company has announced Rs. 12 Lakhs as a bumper prize for 1 person on completion of its 12th year Anniversary along with every day prize of  Rs. 200 Mobile Top-up for 12 people. To add further delight plus ensure wider participation, company will reward Rs. 10,000 for three people each week and Rs. 1 Lakh for a Lucky Draw winner each month.

Total 1120 winners will be declared during this scheme. As per City, it is electronic lucky draw so, all customers sending money during this period through City express money transfer will be eligible to participate for all prizes throughout the campaign. City express calls everyone to be the part of their Lakhpati Express campaign and celebrate the festival. No city Express Money Transfer staff will be participating in this scheme.

----------
Kathmandu, Aug 16 . Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli has said that the government was committed for the promotion of the cooperative sector.

Holding discussion with delegation of National Cooperative Federation of Nepal at his office, Singh Durbar today, Prime Minister Oli said that the government was ready to make cooperative strong as cooperative is one of the pillars of the three-pillar economic policy.
The delegation met with the Prime Minister along with a 15-point suggestion for the promotion of cooperative sector.

“The incumbent government is cooperative-friendly. Cooperative should also move ahead as per the cooperative principle, norms and values. Work collectively to replace import as well as to increase production”, said Federation Chairperson Keshav Badal quoting the Prime Minister.

All the matters would be resolved by holding extensive discussion, said Prime Minister Oli.
Chairperson Badal said that the problems surfaced in cooperative sector would be resolved soon as the Prime Minister and concerned Ministries were positive toward the Federation’s suggestions.

Present on the occasion were Minister for Agriculture and Livestock, Chandra Prakash Khanal; Minister for Education, Science and Technology, Girirajmani Pokharel; Minister for Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs, Bhanu Bhakta Dhakal and Minister for Cooperatives and Poverty Alleviation, Padma Kumari Aryal.

The Federation has suggested to establish Cooperative Training Centre of international standard in Kathmandu, saying problems has surfaced in cooperative sector in lack of training, orientation and technology, provincial government should be asked to formulate cooperative laws in all seven provinces as well as cooperative-friendly local act should be formulated in all 753 local levels.
----------
Muktinath Development bank has, recently, started its operation as branch in Rampur colony, Rupandehi. The chairman of the bank, Min Prasadh Gurung, had inaugurated the program of new branch on Monday, June 20.

Prior to the program, the bank was providing micro finance service from the same location. During the program, the bank also provided admiration letter and cash prize of NRs. 15,555 to Samikshya Subedi, SLC topper of the year 2072. In addition, it also provided appreciation letter to a local school, Shree Sungava Public Higher Secondary.

Currently the bank is providing financial services through 29 branches, 41 micro finance offices, 17 limited banking and 3 extensions counters.
----------
 MEXICO CITY, May 27.  Mexico’s finances are solid and require no loans from the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said here Monday.

“We are not going to apply for new loans. We are not going to put the country in debt. We’re fine,” Lopez Obrador said at his daily press conference, referring to his scheduled meeting on Wednesday with IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde.

“Fortunately we don’t need financial support. Things are going well, the nation’s economy is doing well,” said the president, who took office in December 2018.
The Mexican economy grew 1.2 percent year-on-year in the first quarter of 2019, according to the National Institute of Statistics and Geography (Inegi).

The gross domestic product (GDP) fell by 0.2 percent in the same period in comparison with the fourth quarter of 2018, Inegi said. Xinhua
----------
Kathmandu, May 28 . An international conference on Himalayan tourism cooperation is taking place for the first time on May 29.

To be organised by the International Himalayan Tourism Cooperation in collaboration with the Nepal Tourism Board and Nepal Association of Tours &Travel Agents (NATTA), more than 150 representatives from various organisations working in mountain sector of various 10 countries will participate, said NATTA President CN Pandey.

The venue for the conference is Hotel Yak & Yeti. “The conference will help make ‘Visit Nepal Year, 2020’ a success,” he said. Likewise, 250 Nepali representatives who work in tourism sector will participate.

More than 120 pictures of mountains will be put on display, and various tourism organisations are scheduled to present working papers on mountains, said Pandey.
----------
Kathmandu, May 20 . National Banking Institute Ltd (NBI) and Jyoti Bikash Bank Ltd. signed an agreement on 20th May 2019 for conduction of e-examination to carryout periodical knowledge testing of the staff of the bank. Entering into this agreement, NBI shall facilitate the conduction of e-examination once in a quarter for a batch of 600 employees working in the bank.

This initiative is expected to be instrumental in inculcating reading culture within the organization and create a healthy competition amongst the staff members in the race of up-scaling their knowledge level.

The MOU was signed by Mr. Ramhari Acharya, Assistant General Manager of Jyoti Bikas Bank Ltd. and Mr. Harendra Jung Thapa, Senior Manager Academics, of NBI.
----------
Kathmandu,  Nov 29 . Renault’s authorized distributor in Nepal, Advanced Automobiles Pvt. Ltd., (Subsidiary of Vishal Group) is celebrating the milestone of bringing in Renault’s 2500th customer.

Mr. Thomas Dubruel, Vice President of Renault India handed over the car keys to the customers. The ceremony was held at Renault’s Naxal showroom. Renault’s cars models include Duster, KWID and Captur.

On this occasion Mr. Dubruel expressed his confidence that Renault will further strengthen it’s position and market share in the market. He mentioned that Renault will continue to offer technologically superior products and innovative designs at affordable prices to Nepalese customers.

Ever since the multinational French automobile company Renault set its foot in Nepal in 2016, the company has seen a huge progress for itself and become one of the top three car brands in Nepalese automobile market. It is also the fastest growing car brand and has been able to reach this major milestone in the record time. It is recognized as one of the leading car brands in Nepal.
----------
Dolpa, May 28 . The Shey Phokshundo National Park, Dolpa, has collected more than Rs 10.91 million in revenue from the yarshagumba pickers this fiscal year. The revenue collection was increased by 26 per cent in current fiscal year as compared to previous fiscal year.
According to the National Park’s Information Officer Chhatra Khadka, more than 8,000 yarsha pickers from Jajarkot, Rukum and Jumla among other districts had thronged various 70 highland meadows to collect the medicinal fungus.
The local concerned authority recently opened the meadows that lie in the National Park area and other places where the yarsha pickers would pick the herb at commercial level and sell for yarsha is used to cure anemia, chest and lung infections, kidney ailments and liver disease among others. Bhagawati Shahi of Aathbiskot municipality from Rukum district said that the yarsha pickers were jostling to collect the Himalayan fungus that fetches them a handsome price when sold.
The local authority has charged Rs 500 from the local pickers from the buffer zones while the yarsha pickers from the Dolpa district were charged Rs 2,000. Similarly, the local authority has charged Rs 3,000 from the yarsha pickers outside the Dolpa district. Yarsha could be picked from May 24 up to a month.
----------
Kathmandu, May 24 . Nepali Congress (NC) joint general-secretary Dr Prakash Sharan Mahat left for Japan last night to attend the T-20 Summit. T20 Japan is an official engagement group of Japan’s 2019 G20 presidency chaired by the Asian Development Bank Institute (ADBI).

He is scheduled to provide recommendations to G-20, an international forum of developed countries, on pressing global challenges of sustainable and inclusive development.
Dr Mahat, also the former Minister for Foreign Affairs, would address the four-day T-20 Summit to be held in Japan’s capital Tokyo from May 24-27.

On the occasion, NC leader Dr Mahat would present views on behalf of the Least Developed Countries like Nepal on the issue of global governance to overcome the sustainable development challenges.

The T20 Summit has brought together experts from top think tanks in G20 countries and beyond to detail their policy recommendations for consideration during the G20 Leaders’ Summit in Osaka on 28-29 June.

Developed under the T20 Japan theme “Seeking a Sustainable, Inclusive and Resilient Society” and informed by evidence-based research and analysis, the recommendations will focus on helping G20 countries tackle pressing global challenges ranging from infrastructure gaps, aging populations, and digital disruption to trade frictions and political discord, climate change and African development.
----------
Kathmandu ,May 18 .  OPPO, the leading 0global smartphone brand has announced discounted price on its 2 popular models A7 and A3s as Ramadan offer in Nepal. As per the announcement, the revised price offer will be applicable on A7 (4+64 GB) and A3s (2+16 GB) variants.  After the whooping discounted rate the phones are now available at Rs. 27,990 and Rs. 15,990 resp.

A3s, launched on August-2018 was OPPO’s first device in the South Asian market with a 13+2 MP dual rear camera along with a 8 MP AI enabled front camera and super Full screen, a combination that desires to offer users the best smartphone experience in an affordable range. Whereas, A7 made its debut as Bigger Battery phone on November-2018.

Both the A-series models were best sellers in Nepali market and were highly appreciated for its innovation in mobile photography and high-tech technology. Both phones were packed with amazingly high capacity bigger battery and were highly appreciated and loved by youngsters, especially college going youths.

The OPPO A7, equipped with a 4230mAh large battery with the most modern features to fulfil the consumers’ needs for real and natural looking selfies through 16 Mega-Pixel front camera with AI 2.0 and a 13MP+2MP dual rear camera.

Similarly, OPPO A3s comes with a 13+2 MP dual rear camera along with a 8 MP AI enabled front camera and super Full screen, Together with OPPO’s A.I. Beauty Technology.